Update CHANGELOG for Packer 1.11.0-beta (#12946)
hashicorp/packer: CHANGELOG.md

     command. This addition makes it possible to pipe commands like
     `packer plugins installed` with it for speedy cleanup of installed plugins.
     [GH-12886](https://github.com/hashicorp/packer/pull/12886)
* core: Relax Packer source address URIs within the `required_plugins` block to
     support the installation of local plugin binary using a custom or internal

>      source address (e.g. mycompay.com/plugins/happyorg/happycloud). Remote

Reviewer: Nit:

```suggestion
     source address (e.g. mycompany.com/plugins/happyorg/happycloud). Remote
```

     installation using `packer init` or `packer plugins install`  does not

>      support non-GitHub source URIs. Users using internal source URIs must

Reviewer: Just to make it clear that any non-Github URI can use this method, not just internal hosts

```suggestion
     support non-GitHub source URIs. Users using alternative hosts must
```

     install plugins manually using `packer plugins install --path`.

>      [GH-12911](https://github.com/hashicorp/packer/pull/12911)

Author: ```suggestion
     [GH-12911](https://github.com/hashicorp/packer/pull/12911), [GH-12962](https://github.com/hashicorp/packer/pull/12962)
```
```suggestion
     [GH-12911](https://github.com/hashicorp/packer/pull/12911)
```
```suggestion
     [GH-12911](https://github.com/hashicorp/packer/pull/12911)
```

* core: Remote plugins installed containing an internal version number that
     differs from the version number within the binary name can lead to
     confusion when tracking Packer plugin version information. To help track

>      such deprecates in the plugin version, `packer init` and `packer plugin

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     such discrepancies in the plugin version, `packer init` and `packer plugin
```

>      install` have been updated to install such plugins as dev versions (e.g.

Reviewer: That's no longer true is it? We reject these installations with an explicit error.

```suggestion
     install` have been updated to reject installation of such plugins.
```

     1.0.0-dev). Users are encouraged to notify plugin maintainers of any
     version mismatches.

>      [GH-12915](https://github.com/hashicorp/packer/pull/12915)

Author: ```suggestion
     [GH-12915](https://github.com/hashicorp/packer/pull/12915), [GH-12953](https://github.com/hashicorp/packer/pull/12953)
```

>      [GH-12915](https://github.com/hashicorp/packer/pull/12915), [GH-12953](https://github.com/hashicorp/packer/pull/12953)

Author: ```suggestion
     [GH-12915](https://github.com/hashicorp/packer/pull/12915), [GH-12953](https://github.com/hashicorp/packer/pull/12953), [GH-12972](https://github.com/hashicorp/packer/pull/12972)
```
